Update of the HSF Affiliation programme based on SG and community discussions (#1918)
HSF/hsf.github.io: projects/projects.md

redirect_from: /projects.html
---

This is the list of projects that have become [HSF Affiliated]({{ site.baseurl }}/projects/affiliated.html).

{:.table .table-hover .table-condensed .table-striped}
| Name | Description | Affiliation | Year |
| --------| ------------- |----------|-----------|
| Dirac & DiracX | Distributed computing framework | In progress | 2025-2026 |
| nopayload DB and client | Conditions Database system | In progress | 2025-2026 |

> | Pythia | Monte Carlo event generator | ![Affiliated]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/HSF-logo/HSF-Affiliated.svg) | 2026 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Pythia](https://www.pythia.org) | Monte Carlo event generator | ![Affiliated]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/HSF-logo/HSF-Affiliated.svg) | 2026 |
```

> | MadGraph5_aMC@NLO | Monte Carlo event generator | ![Affiliated]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/HSF-logo/HSF-Affiliated.svg) | 2026 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [MadGraph5_aMC@NLO](https://github.com/mg5amcnlo/mg5amcnlo) | Monte Carlo event generator | ![Affiliated]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/HSF-logo/HSF-Affiliated.svg) | 2026 |
```

| [Pepper](https://gitlab.com/spice-mc/pepper) | Portable Engine for the Production of Parton-level Event Records | ![Affiliated]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/HSF-logo/HSF-Affiliated.svg) | 2026 |
| [nnpdf](https://github.com/NNPDF/nnpdf) | Machine Learning framework for global analyses of parton distributions | ![Affiliated]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/HSF-logo/HSF-Affiliated.svg) | 2025 |
| [prmon](https://github.com/HSF/prmon) | Standalone lightweight process resource consumption monitor | ![Affiliated]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/HSF-logo/HSF-Affiliated.svg) | 2024 |

Note that affiliation is assumed to remain valid for a period of 5 years,

> at which point an iteration of the evaluation (details [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/projects/affiliated.html))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at which point the evaluation will be reviewed (details [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/projects/affiliated.html))
```
